Tables for a Walking Tour
===================
To store data about tours a database will be used, this will use MySQL and be the gateway between the android program and the web program. The database shall contain the four tables below with the relevent columns.

List of Walks
----------------
Each walk is listed in the "walks" table. There is one record for each walk, and the record has 
the following characteristics. An id which is used to order the list of the walks, it will be the primary key for the record and generated by the database. Each walk has a title which represents the name of the walk set by the user and will be of type varchar. The tour also has both short and long descriptions. The short description is a short summary of the walk, where as the long description goes into more detail about the tour. Both of these columns will be varchars. The tour also contains details of how long the walk will take and this will be stored as a float in the database. This will be generated by taking a time for the start of the walk and a time when the walk is finished, then calculating the difference. The final data stored about a walk is the distance and this will also be stored as a float. To create this value the distance between each waypoint will be added.

Location
------------
In this table basic details will be stored about each waypoint within the walk. The primary key in is the id and will be generated by the database. This table also uses a foreign key to reference which walk it is part of in the walks table, which will be called walkID. Next in the table is two columns for longitude and latitude, both of which are stored as floats. Finally the last column in the table is the timestamp and this will be stored as a float.

Place Description
-----------------
This table is used to store extra details about each waypoint within a walk. Therefore this table needs an id as primary key and also a foreign id to link to the location table, which will be called locationID. There is also a column for description which gives a description about the way point. The description will be of type varchar.

Photo Usage
------------
This table is very similar to the place description table, but stores a file path to an image of the location. The table needs to have a primary key (id) for each image as well as a foreign key linked to the location which it is about (placeID). The final column in the table is a varchar which stores a file path to the image, this column will be called photoname.


