
							Group 10 Minutes-Meeting 6
Purpose: Extra Weekly Meeting
Present: Charlie,Dan,Kenny,Kieran,Mark,Martin,Steve
Absent: Ash
Meeting Date:05/11/13
Author:Mark Lewis
Minutes Produced:05/11/13
Version:1.0

Matters Arising
----------------
1. Discuss what everyone has done so far for the Project Plan- the Project plan needs to be handed in by the 8th of November, so realisically everyone needs to have their work completed and marked up ready to be produced in LaTex by thursday. If there are any problems then let either Dan or Charlie know as they can help with LaTex.
ACTION- All, complete individual sections of the project plan by thursday.					

New Business
----------------
2. Overview of Proposed Systems- To help ease Kenny's workload Martin has been assigned the job of writing the Overview for the Project Plan. In the meeting we also spent some time going over the overview so all members could familiarise there self with what the project entails. 

3. Issue Tracker on GitHub- Dan introduced us to a feature on GitHub which assigned members of the group with tasks to do. Therefor if you are unsure of any work to do and there are no actions in the minutes then check the issue tracker on GitHub.

4.GANT Chart- the GANT Chart shows a timeline of how the project should be going. This means that all members should be familiar with tasks they need to do. The chart can also be used as another reference should members not know what to do.

AOB
----------------
5. LaTex- It was decided that all our documentation should be produced using LaTex and Charlie gave us a brief introduction in today's meeting. There are templates and example code on GitHub. 
